fix: add requistes link to README (#5308)
nextcloud/calendar: README.md

## Build the app

> Make sure you have all the [neccessary prereqisites](https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/admin_manual/installation/source_installation.html#prerequisites-for-manual-installation) for manuall installs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have all the [necessary prereqisites](https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/admin_manual/installation/source_installation.html#prerequisites-for-manual-installation) for manual installs
```

Reviewer 2: `prerequisites`

Author: mondays
